README.md, before:


# Read the Wiki page for this project and repository first. 
The [Wiki](https://github.com/DataKind-BLR/QuestAlliance/wiki) can be found here


## Development
Requires Python3 SQLite
check requirements.txt

## Initialization

create Virtual Env

```bash
cd QuestAlliance

python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```  


## Note on Patches/Pull Requests

1) Make your feature addition or bug fix.

2) Run isort to alphabetically sort your imports
```bash
isort /PATH/TO/FILE.py
``` 

3) Run autopep8 to make sure the code follows the pep8 style <br>
pep8 style guide :  https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/  

```bash
autopep8 --in-place /PATH/TO/FILE.py
``` 

4) Add tests under QuestAlliance/test

5) Send a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches!

## How to run the scraper script for the NCS website.
1) Install the geckodriver executable for Firefox in the QuestAlliance folder
2) Run the scraper using the following command
```bash
python ncs_scraper.py -f
``` 

**Data Points**

- Salary        (amount range) / per month
- Experience    ("freshers can apply")
- Location      (location, city, area)

Additional details
- Job Type      (Full time / part time etc.)
- Working Days  (days)

Requirements
- Education
- Age
- Experience

Commit message:

Added functionality to fetch specific states.
Used argparse to specify command line arguments that fetches the name(s) of state(s) that we fetch datafor. Updated the README file to reflect these changes.

README.md, after:


# Read the Wiki page for this project and repository first. 
The [Wiki](https://github.com/DataKind-BLR/QuestAlliance/wiki) can be found here


## Development
Requires Python3 SQLite
check requirements.txt

## Initialization

create Virtual Env

```bash
cd QuestAlliance

python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```  


## Note on Patches/Pull Requests

1) Make your feature addition or bug fix.

2) Run isort to alphabetically sort your imports
```bash
isort /PATH/TO/FILE.py
``` 

3) Run autopep8 to make sure the code follows the pep8 style <br>
pep8 style guide :  https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/  

```bash
autopep8 --in-place /PATH/TO/FILE.py
``` 

4) Add tests under QuestAlliance/test

5) Send a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches!

## How to run the scraper script for the NCS website.
1) Install the geckodriver executable for Firefox in the QuestAlliance folder
2) Run the scraper using the following command
```bash
python ncs_scraper.py -f
``` 

The above option will run for all states. If you want to fetch data for specificstates, use the following command
```bash
python ncs_scraper.py -f --states <state_name_1> <state_name_2> ... <state_name_n>
```
where `<state_name_1>` is replaced by the name of a state. For example, to fetchdata for Karnataka and Punjab
```bash
python ncs_scraper.py -f --states Karnataka Punjab
```

**Data Points**

- Salary        (amount range) / per month
- Experience    ("freshers can apply")
- Location      (location, city, area)

Additional details
- Job Type      (Full time / part time etc.)
- Working Days  (days)

Requirements
- Education
- Age
- Experience
